Previously on Berlin Station.
- What's your cover identity?
- Trevor Price.
- ex-military.
- Your last mission ended
with a bullet in your back.
and now four months later.
you're going deep-cover with neo-Nazis.
_
Deutschland.
Deutschland!
"Wake up. Germany" indeed.
Katerina Gerhardt
is looking to up the ante
on the spike in far-right hate crimes
- across Europe.
- We need a camera in her home.
Ester Krug has asked for our help.
and Langley also is not
in the know for now.
You're telling me
this is all off the books?
Neo-Nazi bad boy Otto Ganz.
whose many ties
with right-wing hate groups
have had him on the German's watch list
since the beginning
of the refugee crisis.
Intel suggests that Gerhardt
and Ganz are in league
to swing the election by violent means.
Where do things stand with Daniel?
He's established contact with Lena Ganz.
I can get you whatever you want.
- He needs weapons.
- You want us to provide
assault rifles and live ammunition
to members of the far right.
You should meet my father.
This shit right here.
it's going to get you killed.
- Who are you?
- Ester Krug asked me
- to keep an eye on you.
- It's an honor
to meet you. Mr. Ganz.
I do work with somebody.
He runs this game.
- I represent him.
- You will take me to him
right now.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
What the fuck are you doing here?
I need you to listen to me
very carefully.
12 years ago in Chechnya.
you created the identity
of a gunrunner called Andrew Chevalier
I need you to wake him up right now.
- How did you find me?
- We'll get to that later.
The people behind me will kill us
if you don't play along.
_
My name is Trevor Price.
Look pleased to see me.
Maybe even go as far
as hug me. just don't fuck this up.
_
If they don't kill you. I will.
- Welcome.
- I apologize for the intrusion.
- Mr...
- Chevalier.
You can call me Andrew. Please. come in.
Otto Ganz.
- My daughter. Lena.
- Lena.
- And our associate. Armando.
- Armando.
Nice to meet you.
You're a long way from Deutschland.
Mr. Ganz wanted to meet
with you personally.
He has a proposition for you.
Mi casa es su casa.
You wanna get these guys a drink?
There's some beers in the guesthouse.
A moment. please. I. uh...
_
What the fuck are you doing here?
A week ago. we got
into the middle of chatter
that this neo-Nazi. Ganz.
was looking to buy explosives.
Things went south.
and now we've got nothing solid
connecting Ganz to the deal.
You seem to be operating
under the assumption
- that I give a shit.
- We think he's planning
an attack to swing the election.
All we need is for him
to place an order.
- That's where you come into it.
- Wrong.
I don't feature in
this fucking shit-show at all.
- In case you forget. I retired.
- You owe me. Hector.
- and I'm calling it in.
- Owe you?
Fucking owe you?
- Why Chevalier?
- Because the CIA built
- an entire history for you.
- That was over ten years ago.
Daniel. I don't even remember
- the backstory.
- Well. jog your memory.
because that is
a very dangerous man out there.
and if he thinks for one second
that he's being played.
we're all dead.
_
- This is fucking suicidal.
- Just play the part.
be your usual charming self.
back up everything I say.
We'll be out of your hair in an hour.
All right. all right. all right.
All right.
So. this is what retirement looks like.
- I'm impressed.
- Yeah. well.
I had a little something
put by for a rainy day.
- Are you happy?
- Up until 20 minutes ago.
Daniel. I was fucking ecstatic.
- I'll get those beers.
- From here on out. it's Trevor.
Trevor.
Jesus.
- Who is he?
- Relax. it's gonna be fine.
Yeah? Otto's already running
- a background check on him.
- The cover will hold.
- We're good.
- We better be.
because if Otto gives me the order
to kill you and Blondie back there.
- I won't hesitate.
- You just do your job
and leave everything else to me.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. okay.
Cerveza?
It's a beautiful home
you have. Mr. Chevalier.
Thank you.
Pace of life here suits me.
It's quiet...
- usually.
- Have you spent any time
- in Berlin?
- Passing through. mostly.
Not my favorite European city.
I find the architecture
a little cold. you know?
Ciao. cariño.
- Your wife?
- I've asked her several times.
She always turns me down.
Yeah. her kind don't know
what's good for them.
- "Her kind"?
- Andrew. have a beer.
You're forgetting I don't drink. Trevor.
I'm curious.
How did the two of you
become business partners?
It was Grozny. right?
When was that. 2007?
Yeah. about that.
Yeah. I was between tours in Iraq
and couldn't stomach the thought
of going straight home.
so I hitched a flight into Chechnya.
How long had you been there
already. a year?
Yeah. if you say so.
Why don't you tell him
the story about the priest?
I don't think Mr. Ganz wants
to hear that. Trevor.
I wouldn't mind hearing it.
Okay. so. Andrew set up a deal
with some guy
who's traveling into Grozny
on the false papers
of a Catholic priest. right?
- And he goes to a restaurant...
- It was a hotel.
It's a fucking hotel.
If you're gonna tell the story.
at least get the facts right.
So... I walk into the lobby. right?
It's fuckin' 200 degrees.
The air-con's gone down that morning.
So. I ask the guy
for Father Mulrooney. right?
He shows me to the bar.
Sure enough. there he is...
beads. Catholic.
the full kit and caboodle.
So. I take the seat opposite him
and I start talking business. right?
I mention the S.A.M.s
he's interested in buying.
- The what?
- Surface-to-air missiles.
Right. so this potentially
is a big deal. right?
These things go for hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
so I'm keen to get this fucking
guy to like me. right?
So. I start talking specifications.
I mention range.
That sort of thing. right?
And he just sits there.
cool as a cucumber.
And. you know. he nods
once in a while. and he smiles
as if everything's okay.
but he's saying nothing. right?
So. I'm thinking. "Is this guy wearing
a fucking wire? Is he fucking CIA?"
I mean. who knows. right?
So. I'm getting a little
paranoid here. you know?
I look around...
I look over to the lobby...
what do I see?
I see another fucking priest walking in.
And another. and another.
- There's a God damn convention.
- There's a convention
going on. so there you go.
I could've sold fucking rockets
to the Vatican
that weekend.
Funny... very funny.
So what's the verdict. Mr. Ganz?
Do my credentials check out?
They do.
In that case. I'll leave you
in the capable hands
of my colleague. here.
I wish you all a safe flight
back to Berlin.
If you don't mind. Mr. Chevalier...
I'd like to keep this
just between the two of us.
I was let down
in a transaction recently.
so this time. I tend to
be a bit more cautious.
- You understand?
- Mr. Ganz. believe me
when I say it's been
a pleasure meeting you.
but I'm a private kind of person
in a precarious line of work.
I may have passed your test. Mr. Ganz.
but you haven't passed mine yet.
Now. do you understand?
I can personally vouch for Mr. Ganz...
I think you're forgetting your place
in this partnership. Trevor.
Mr. Chevalier...
you're right.
We've intruded on your privacy
and you have no reason to trust me.
So. my daughter is arranging
a little delivery.
Something convincing. I hope.
You realize the nearest town's
25 fucking miles away?
It will be here within the hour.
It's just an hour. boss.
You like it?
I think it's cruel.
They call this sport.
but what chance did the animal have?
Interesting you focus on the bull.
I thought the subject was the matador.
He's angry.
Is that anger?
I see pride. I see power.
Please thank him on my behalf.
It's 100.000 Euro...
used bills. untraceable.
Smells good to me.
It's a down payment. if you're open
to doing business with me.
Give me a moment.
Trevor.
Interfering in German politics.
There's no fucking way
you have Langley's approval
- on this.
- Gerhardt's funding
a terror attack to swing
the election in her favor.
That's everyone's business.
He's ready to deal.
- So. what's in it for me?
- This thing goes smoothly.
I'm pretty sure no one would notice
that briefcase go missing.
You assume I need the money. Daniel.
- Look around you.
- Cut the bullshit.
You're not retired. You're in hiding.
_
- Hit me again.
- What?
Let them see it.
_
Okay. let's reel him in.
And if this shit goes south.
it's every man for himself.
Staff meeting concluded.
So. lunch. anyone?
We can talk in the car. Mr. Ganz.
Wonderful.
- You can leave that there.
- I'll keep the money with us.
I have a compromise.
If this is an exercise in trust...
Let's see just that.
Mr. Chevalier. do you have a cell phone?
- Yes. I do.
- Well. if you want
to talk business. I wonder if...
Very wise. You never know
who might be listening in. right?
You like your toys...
fast cars. beautiful women.
The way I look at it.
we weren't put on this earth
to be told "no."
You said you were let down recently?
A deal fell through unexpectedly.
Well. my guess is that time is a factor
and I'm your last resort.
so let's get down to business.
This friend of yours...
why do I get a bad feeling from him?
He's just pissed with me
for showing up like this.
I vouched for you.
I introduced you to my father.
If this goes wrong.
- I'm responsible.
- Hey.
Will you trust me?
It's gonna be fine.
Oh. well hello.
Thank you. Armando.
So. did you two get
any work done on the drive?
Yes. we did.
Is it an order we can fill?
Well. it'll take some doing.
but I've assured Mr. Ganz here
we can get it all to Berlin
by the 21st. right?
That's ten days.
Let's not discuss this any further.
A toast.
Ah. not for me. thank you.
One glass... for a toast.
Ah. fuck it. Why not?
To business... and new friends.
New friends.
Hello.
Hey. what's going on?
Is that the order?
He wouldn't let me
commit anything to paper.
Here you go.
Holy shit.
- I need to call this into...
- Shut up.
That Hitler Youth guy is in there
- taking a crap or something.
- Armando?
- Yes.
- He's BfV.
- Ester Krug is running him.
- What?
And you brought him to my doorstep?
I didn't exactly have a say
in the matter.
I'd fucking trust Otto Ganz
before I trust Ester Krug's people.
He doesn't know your identity.
All we need to do is keep him sweet.
All right. all right.
- You have the order?
- Yeah.
I'll need to call this in
and let them know
we'll be back in Berlin tonight.
- Give me Chevalier's phone.
- I will make the call.
- Wait.
- Tell them we're coming back
as heroes. Unlock it.
Are you fucking serious?
You're not calling
the German Secret Service
- on my phone.
- It's not safe.
I need to find a payphone.
It's okay.
Spare SIM card.
Where did Ester find this idiot?
Hey. either you unlock this phone.
or I get Otto to make you.
I wonder what he will find out
about Mr. Chevalier.
Just do it. They won't know it's you.
All right.
Here you go. There's piss on it.
Okay. so I did everything you asked.
You got the order.
now get those fucking people
away from here.
_
Such a beautiful afternoon.
Let's take a stroll.
You're not gonna miss your flight. Otto?
We have time.
Do you know what I notice
about this village?
Uniformity.
Everyone we pass.
they are at one with each other.
They dress the same way.
They share the same skin tone.
Well. that's what generations
of inbreeding will get you. Otto.
You joke. but in my country today.
you walk down the street
and it has changed so much
that no one belongs.
Turks. Arabs. Africans.
By welcoming everyone.
it's nobody's home.
Yep.
See something you like. Mr. Ganz?
I think I've spent enough
money today already.
Come on.
- What the fuck?
- I'm gonna make a call.
You got a phone? Teléfono?
- Por favor.
- No. do you have a telephone?
Teléfono later. Buy something now.
- Okay.
- Por favor.
This.
Gracias.
Por favor.
Where's Trevor?
_
- Hey. Daniel on two.
- Mm.
- Hey.
- I don't have long.
Yeah. and I don't trust
these shitty IR links.
- so... keep it short and sweet.
- I'm in Spain.
What the fuck are you doing in Spain?
It's a long story.
Listen. Otto placed an order.
He wants 120 kilos of semtex.
There's a list of detonators
and extras to follow.
but I just wanted to
give you the headline now.
I'm on a flight back
to Berlin this evening
and I will check in with you later.
All right. you with him now? Ganz?
Yeah. amongst others.
Find out what the semtex is for.
All I know is he wants it delivered
in Berlin by the 21st.
And that's three days
before the election.
- Fuck.
- Yeah. it didn't strike me
- as a coincidence. either.
- Okay.
We need to figure out why and how
Katerina Gerhardt is involved.
Fuck Otto Ganz.
He's just a hired thug in all of this.
Get him talking
about the target. Daniel.
- Hey!
- Hey.
- You wandered off.
- Yeah. I wanted to pick up
a little souvenir. Cute. right?
If you say so.
¿Algo más?
Bien.
_
Sorry.
I... got a little lost.
Hey. Lena. you wanna ride with me?
I will take extra care. Otto. I promise.
_
- Then I'm driving.
- Sure.
Why am I getting the impression
you like to live dangerously?
If you want me to slow down.
just say so.
No. have at it.
How would your father react
if he knew you were fucking
the hired help?
You think he doesn't already know?
Well. you know. A man like that.
so high in his own principles.
I'd imagine he'd want
something better
for his precious daughter.
Unless. of course. you're trying
to get Daddy's attention.
So. what's your father planning?
None of your business.
You're a soldier to the cause.
and like all good soldiers.
you never question the order.
What we're doing will change
the face of Germany forever.
Isn't that what
all terrorists tell themselves?
We're not terrorists.
We're nationalists.
Nationalists. Right.
That's an interesting distinction.
We have a problem with the goon.
Armando?
I told you. he's BfV.
They are on our side with this.
Did you know he's fucking the daughter?
He... maybe he's playing her.
What are you worried about?
She's... she's smarter than she lets on.
If he lets anything slip.
none of us are getting
out of this in one piece.
So. we stick close to him?
_
- Did you call them?
- Yeah. they want us
- to find out the target.
- "Us"? "Us"?
Hope you didn't mention me.
If I had. Robert would be
on the first flight out.
You know. this morning.
you asked me how I found you.
After you left Berlin.
I put a flag on all of your
known aliases.
When you finally showed up
in Spain. I got a ping.
Clever Trevor. Why would you do that?
You pissed off
a lot of dangerous people.
I guess I just wanted to know
you were still out there.
Well. as you can see. Daniel.
I'm fucking thriving.
Come on. Hector. You think I'm stupid?
The villa's registered
to Juan Carlos de Vega...
another vulnerable CIA asset
who had a crush on you.
He used to host you
out here over summer.
That's how I knew you'd be here.
I can't do this without you.
We can get him to open up.
reveal the target.
Forget Shaw. Forget the BfV.
Forget Langley.
You and me.
We get a win out of this.
And I know you haven't forgotten
how good that feels.
Wow.
Now. that's impressive.
I was thinking. it's been a nice day.
Why don't you stay the night?
Are you sure? It's no intrusion?
No. please. It'd be fun. right?
Yeah.
It would be fun.
Thank you. Andrew.
You are very welcome. Otto.
Let's make a night of it.
_
Yeah.
So. do you eat like this at home. Otto?
In Berlin. we rarely have
the weather to cook outside.
- My father enjoys cooking.
- Your mum must have
an easy life.
Lena's mom died 11 years ago.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
No apology necessary.
So. security's gonna be pretty tight
in Berlin ahead of the election.
Is that gonna be a problem for delivery?
Any help you need will be provided.
Friends in high places. huh?
So. what do you think. Otto?
Will there be a change at the top?
The polls are predicting
a big swing towards the PFD.
Well. five years ago.
no one had even heard of them.
Exactly. It's happening quickly.
We're living in the age
of the overnight sensation.
- They come and they go.
- Not this time.
- That's fucking bullshit.
- Hey. you don't speak
to Mr. Ganz like that.
It's Andrew's house. We are his guests.
I'm eager to hear his opinion.
Just be careful.
Our history makes things
a bit more complicated.
- How so?
- Well. in Germany.
we face a unique challenge.
The way we view our past
and Nazi-era guilt... that's how we let
all these refugees infect our land.
That's how we got robbed our identity.
That's how we turn against
our own interests.
I don't think you can expect
a lot of sympathy
across Europe.
- Europe is changing.
- Europe is in chaos. Otto.
Yes. and chaos it deserves.
From chaos. we will rise.
Oh. my God.
Is that the fucking basis
of your manifesto?
You can't make an omelet
without breaking a few eggs?
- Do not mock me. Andrew.
- I'm not mocking you.
Spare me the clichés and tell me
what you really mean. Otto.
- Come on. take it easy.
- Shut up. Trevor.
Otto's a grown man.
He can speak for himself.
In America.
you put your hand on your heart
and you pledge allegiance. In Germany.
I don't see any pride. I see no passion.
We shit on our identity.
We give our land away.
mosques. temples. synagogues.
It's a fucking theme park. It's a zoo.
Well. enough is enough.
The PFD will restore our country.
PFD.
They really sold you
a fairy tale. didn't they. Otto?
They promised you something new. right?
Something simple. Something pure.
Well. I hate to be the one
to tell you this. Otto.
but it's all shit.
Alt-right. alt-left.
They got you marching
to the same familiar fucking tune.
- No.
- Yes.
They let you believe you have the power
to change your beloved nation.
but it's an illusion. Otto.
It's a fucking illusion.
The pendulum is swinging.
"The pendulum is swinging."
Fuck me!
Wake up. Otto. Open your eyes.
Nothing ever really changes.
Democracy rises. communism falls.
Communism rises. democracy falls.
It's the same shit in different coats.
The only thing that brings
around true revolution
- is war.
- Yes.
On that. we agree.
Good. Good. we agree.
So. are you gonna be
the one to fire the first shot?
Why the fuck not?
Where?
_
Shut up!
Leave her.
Trevor. you go.
Perhaps another glass.
Why the fuck not. my German friend?
I could go all night.
Hey.
He only talks to me that way
when he drinks.
He must be under
a lot of stress at the moment.
I was the same in combat.
The weeks building up to a mission.
you go to a different place. mentally.
It's not that. it's... it's your friend.
- He wants to impress him.
- Why would he want
to impress him? We can provide
everything he wants.
My father is always surrounded
by people who say yes to him.
Day and night. He doesn't realize that
it's because they're afraid of him.
But your friend is different...
challenges him.
Sorry about your mom.
I lost my mom when I was 12.
It was hard.
They really loved each other.
When she died. he... changed.
Seeing what it did to my dad...
watching him become somebody else.
that's tough. right?
You still see your father?
No?
You should. You should go see him.
Our fathers might have changed. but...
they're still our fathers.
- Lena.
- Oh. sorry.
I need to take this.
Dessert in five minutes?
Great.
- You need to ease up on him.
- No.
No. no. no. no.
I say we open another bottle of wine.
Get to the heart of what makes
this motherfucker tick.
We need to find out the intended target.
He doesn't trust you enough
to reveal that.
Not me. but apparently.
he's a big fan of yours.
You don't know Otto Ganz like I do.
If you push him too hard.
you unleash the monster.
And you don't want that.
Okay. okay. It's your call. Daniel.
We may not get another chance.
Push him as hard as you can.
That's a great idea. Trevor.
Great idea.
_
We were just contemplating
whether to open another bottle
- of wine. Otto.
- My daughter was right.
I've already drunk enough.
- I apologize.
- Not at all.
Also. I should not involve you
in this matter. but...
I have no choice.
Oh. Jesus Christ!
- What the fuck are you doing?
- Stay down!
You fucking rat.
Three years. you've been with me.
How much do they give you?
- Fuck!
- Get off him!
Come on!
I'll kill her!
- Let go!
- I'll kill her.
Inside. all of you.
Inside. all of you!
Stop. Car keys.
I'll take the fast car. thank you.
And while you're being
so nice and friendly.
Mr. Chevalier. would you please
open the safe for me?
Give it to her.
Stop.
- That's far enough.
- Ow!
Get back inside!
Otto. I'll do it! Get back inside!
_
When we kill him. let's make it slow.
Yeah.
Give me the keys!
How much does he know?
We had a delivery intercepted recently.
- I knew there was a rat.
- If he doesn't know the plans.
- he can't hurt us.
- He knows who we are.
I deal with him. Don't worry about it.
Nice parking.
He's gone.
Let's split up.
I want him alive.
Well. this is a pleasant way
to end the evening. right?
- You drunk?
- Three months sober
- until you showed up.
- Oh. yeah. you really got
your shit together. didn't you?
It's not you. Hector.
You're not ready to fade into obscurity.
Yeah. well. my options
are somewhat limited these days.
Hector DeJean's on the "no fly" list.
Eventually. my alias passports
will expire.
Then I'm fucking trapped.
FBI could lift the restrictions.
Not without Robert's sign-off.
We both know that's never
gonna fucking happen.
Jesus Christ.
Mein Gott.
- You've got to get me out.
- It's all right. I got you.
You've got to get me out of here.
- Quiet. quiet. quiet.
- Breathe. breathe.
If you don't help me.
I tell him everything.
All right. all right. All right.
- I believe he will.
- What are you saying?
I'm saying we have half a second
to make a very difficult decision.
- No way. he's a BfV...
- Psycho Nazi will torture him.
and if he talks. we're fucking dead.
I figure I owed you that.
Got him!
I wanted him alive.
He can ID me. I couldn't risk it.
_
I don't want him identified.
Let them think we still have him.
Put him back inside the car.
Trevor. Our flight is in one hour.
We gotta go.
- Morning. Andrew.
- Morning. Otto.
- You slept okay?
- Very well. thank you.
It's a pity we have to leave.
- It's such a beautiful place.
- Yeah.
I'm gonna miss it.
What the hell are you doing?
He trusts me. I can be useful.
In Berlin? Are you out of your mind?
I've been out of it too long.
It's gonna be just like
the good old days.
right. Trevor?
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com